Levi Arbole
Email: arbole60@gmail.com | 9823506339
Location: Ambernath, Thane
Professional Summary
Professional with years of experience as Senior Business Analyst in Banking, Finance,
Insurance, and E-commerce domains. Proven expertise in requirement gathering, process
improvement, regulatory compliance, and project management. Adept at bridging business
and technology, managing end-to-end project lifecycles, and ensuring regulatory
compliance. Skilled in stakeholder engagement, UAT coordination, API integration, and
documentation (BRD, FRD, SOPs). Known for delivering data-driven insights and improving
operational efficiency through structured problem-solving and collaboration.
Core Competencies
● Requirements Gathering & Analysis
● Business Requirement document, Functional Requirement Document & Test cases
scenario and execution.
● UAT Testing and coordination.
● Preparing Impact analysis document.
● Documenting Deployments note for Live Deployment.
● Project Planning & Delivery
● Regulatory Compliance (CKYC, RBI, NSDL, CDSL).
● Cross-functional Collaboration with Team Management and Interpersonal skills.
● Hands-on experience in JIRA, Load Runner, Service Now MS office.
● API Integrations and Implementations.
● Proficiency with Oracle SQL,, Postman Tools.
● Process walkthrough and creating SOPs and manuals for knowledge sharing.
● Stakeholders Management and Collaboration
● Gap Analysis documentation
● Drive project lifecycle from requirement inception to post-go-live support
● Workshops, Demos & End-User Training
● Production Support & Post-Go-Live Monitoring
● Support production validations, DR drills, and post-release issue triaging

2
Professional Experience
Clover Infotech Pvt Ltd – Senior Business Analyst
Client – HDFC Bank
July 2025 – June 2026( 11 months )
● Leading project delivery for key BFSI clients.
● Liaise with Risk, Compliance, Audit, and Operations teams to understand ORM
objectives and pain points.
● Gather feedback from operational users to continuously refine the ORM framework
and system feature.
● Define test scenarios and acceptance criteria based on use cases and compliance
requirements.
● Document and analyze risk-related processes such as:
○ Risk & Control Self Assessments (RCSA)
○ Key Risk Indicators (KRI)
○ Loss Event Management
○ Issue and Action Tracking
● Managing UAT, coordinating with dev teams, and tracking CRs.
● Collaborating with clients on production issues and
● audit gap closures.
● Work with stakeholders (risk, compliance, procurement, IT, legal) to understand
TPRM needs
● Gather business, regulatory, and risk requirements
● Document:
○ Vendor onboarding requirements
○ Risk assessment workflows
○ Due diligence criteria
● Translate business needs into functional specifications
● Define and improve risk assessment frameworks
● Work with TPRM platforms (e.g., ServiceNow)
● Support:
○ System implementation
○ Configuration of workflows
○ User acceptance testing (UAT)
● Ensure tools capture correct risk data and reporting outputs
Wipro Ltd – Senior Business Analyst
Client - ICICI
Dec 2022– June 2025 (2y 6mon)
● Deployed at ICICI Bank Corporate – led 4 major projects.

3
● Applications handled: PINS (Portfolio investment scheme) (Banking Trading
application), Barcode Tracking (HMI & Mobile App), Govt. Bidding Scrolls.
● Handling production issues and closing it within the given TAT and led annual audit
gap closures.
● Interacting with stakeholders to enhance processes and ensure compliance and
regularisation.
● Driving Multiple Change request at a time and New requirements management
● Preparation test cases scenarios and executing in UAT environment and Golive with
the end product.
● API testing and Integration with core banking systems.
● Closure of vulnerabilities in the application highlighted by compliance,information
security groups by collaborating with development along with closure of RBI audit
observations and adhere to RBI guidelines.
● Performed data analysis using SQL/Excel to support decision-making.

4
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) – Functional Analyst
Client - SBI
June 2021 –Dec 2022 ( 1year 6months)
● In-house hiring by TCS from Nelito systems.
● Deployed on CKYC Compliance project for SBI; ensured smooth CKYC number
generation through CERSAI. Drafted and signed off technical documents; coordinated
development and testing.
● Handled real-time production issues, API-level debugging, and DR activities.
● Interact with compliance, legal, and operations teams to identify bank-specific CKYC
requirement.
● Prepare Business Requirement Document (BRD) and Functional Specification
Documents (FSD)
● Design test cases for different onboarding scenarios (e.g., new customer, update KYC,
CKYC fetch)
Nelito Systems (DTS Group) – Functional Analyst
Client - SBI
Feb 2021 – Jun 2021(4 months)
● Involved in CKYC/Trade Finance modules.
● business and tech teams; addressed ID and API-level issues.
QualityKiosk Technologies Pvt. Ltd. – Transitions Executive
Nov 2017 – Feb 2021( 3y 2 mon)
● Requirement gathering from stakeholders across life,, general insurance segments.
● Working with systems to streamline claim approvals, automate documentation, and
reduce TAT.
● Cater to audit trails, data governance, and compliance reporting observation.
● Collaborating with developer teams for seamless customer experience.
● Managed client transitions across BFSI, telecom, and e-commerce domains.
● Led documentation efforts and implemented automation via UIPath for Insurance
client Bajaj Allianz call center and Bajaj health insurance Products
● Conducted GAP analysis, requirement validation, and SLA tracking. Handled projects
on payment domains like Domestic and international payments (e.g., NEFT, RTGS,
UPI, SWIFT,).
● OTP based transactions (credit, debit, prepaid).
● Monitoring Payment gateways, merchant onboarding, and wallets journeys
● Collaborating with developers during development and maintained application
module

5
Project Highlights
● Integration of ORM with ServiceNow GRC Module and automatising the Risk
management , Audit and Compliance experience in the organisation.
● Trading Application (PINS) – Spearheaded development for seamless NRI onboarding
and trading experience.
● Implementing report automation to Broker and Customers and API integration for
smooth customer onboarding through various channels
● CKYC Compliance Project for SBI – Enabled integration with CERSAI for 100%
customer compliance.
● Implementation of UIPath for Insurance portal of Bajaj Allianz call center in Citrix
environment and Bajaj Allianz newly launched insurance Products.
Domain Experience
● Banking: ICICI Bank, State bank of India, HDFC bank, RAK, ADCB, Bank Muscat,
BNP Paribas
● Insurance: SBI Life, HDFC Life, Bajaj Allianz, ICICI Prulife, Aditya Birla, L & T insurance
● Trading: : ICICI Securities, BTPN (Indonesia) , Axis securities
● E-commerce: :UAE RTA,Jet airways
● Regulatory Bodies: NSDL, CDSL
Technical Skills
● Tools: JIRA, Service Now,HP LoadRunner, UIPath, Postman, API, Arcos portal,
● Databases: MySQL, Oracle SQL
● Operating Systems: Windows, Linux
Education Qualification
Degree College/School University/Board Year of Passing Percentage &
Pointer
BE Computer PCE, New Panvel Mumbai University 2017 60.00/ 6.75
Third year of
Engineering PCE, New Panvel Mumbai University 2016 60.20 / 6.79
Second year of
Engineering PCE, New Panvel Mumbai University 2015 52.82 / 5.75
Diploma in I.T Dr. NYTP, Bhivpuri Mumbai University 2014 74.44
Road

6

|      |                     |       |       |       |
| ---- | ------------------- | ----- | ----- | ----- |
| SSC  | Kendriya Vidyalaya  |       |       |       |
|      | Ambernath           | CBSE  | 2011  | 67.7  |

Personal Details
●  Date of Birth: 22nd June 1995
●  Languages: English, Hindi,
●  Nationality: Indian